Fixed #32819 -- Established relationship between form fields and their errors. (#17520)
django/django: docs/ref/forms/api.txt

      <input type="text" name="subject" maxlength="100" required aria-invalid="true" aria-describedby="id_subject_error" id="id_subject">
    </div>
    <div>
      <label for="id_message">Message:</label>
      <textarea name="message" cols="40" rows="10" required id="id_message">Hi there</textarea>
    </div>
    <div>
      <label for="id_sender">Sender:</label>
      <ul class="errorlist" id="id_sender_error"><li>Enter a valid email address.</li></ul>
      <input type="email" name="sender" value="invalid email address" maxlength="320" required aria-invalid="true" aria-describedby="id_sender_error" id="id_sender">
    </div>
    <div>
        <label for="id_cc_myself">Cc myself:</label>
        <input type="checkbox" name="cc_myself" id="id_cc_myself" checked>
    </div>

Django's default form templates will associate validation errors with their
input by using the ``aria-describedby`` HTML attribute when the field has an
``auto_id`` and a custom ``aria-describedby`` is not provided. If a custom
``aria-describedby`` is set when defining the widget this will override the
default value.

If the widget is rendered in a ``<fieldset>`` then ``aria-describedby`` is

> added to this element, otherwise it is added to the widget's ``<input>``.

Reviewer: I guess it's not necessarily a literal `<input>` element as discussed earlier. I'm not sure if it's worth broadening this or if the intent is clear enough.

Reviewer 2: Good point, added a tweak :+1:

    ...     "sender": "invalid email address",
    ...     "cc_myself": True,
    ... }

>     >>> f = ContactForm(data)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    >>> ContactForm(data)
```

Reviewer 2: Good spot! I needed to either print it or add `.as_div()`. Gone for `.as_div()`

    </div>
    <div>
      <label for="id_message">Message:</label>
      <textarea name="message" cols="40" rows="10" required id="id_message">Hi there</textarea>
    </div>
    <div>
      <label for="id_sender">Sender:</label>
      <ul class="errorlist" id="id_sender_error"><li>Enter a valid email address.</li></ul>
      <input type="email" name="sender" value="invalid email address" maxlength="320" required aria-invalid="true" aria-describedby="id_sender_error" id="id_sender">
    </div>
    <div>
        <label for="id_cc_myself">Cc myself:</label>
        <input type="checkbox" name="cc_myself" id="id_cc_myself" checked>
    </div>

Django's default form templates will associate validation errors with their
input by using the ``aria-describedby`` HTML attribute when the field has an
``auto_id`` and a custom ``aria-describedby`` is not provided. If a custom
``aria-describedby`` is set when defining the widget this will override the
default value.

If the widget is rendered in a ``<fieldset>`` then ``aria-describedby`` is
added to this element, otherwise it is added to the widget's HTML element (e.g.
``<input>``).

.. versionchanged:: 5.2

>     ``aria-describedby`` was added to associate errors with its input.

Reviewer 3: Maybe I'm wrong :thinking: but do we have a mix of singular/plural forms here?
```suggestion
    ``aria-describedby`` was added to an associate error with its input.
```
or
```suggestion
    ``aria-describedby`` was added to associate errors with their input.
```

Reviewer 3: Ah OK, one input many errors, silly me :upside_down_face:

    >>> print(f)
    <div>
      <label for="id_subject">Subject:</label>
      <ul class="errorlist" id="id_subject_error"><li>This field is required.</li></ul>
      <input type="text" name="subject" maxlength="100" required aria-invalid="true" aria-describedby="id_subject_error" id="id_subject">
    </div>
    <div>
      <label for="id_message">Message:</label>
      <textarea name="message" cols="40" rows="10" required>Hi there</textarea>
    </div>
    <div>
      <label for="id_sender">Sender:</label>
      <ul class="errorlist" id="id_sender_error"><li>Enter a valid email address.</li></ul>
      <input type="email" name="sender" value="invalid email address" maxlength="320" required aria-invalid="true" aria-describedby="id_sender_error" id="id_sender">
    </div>
    <div>
        <label for="id_cc_myself">Cc myself:</label>
        <input type="checkbox" name="cc_myself" id="id_cc_myself" checked>
    </div>

If a custom ``aria-describedby`` is provided when defining the widget this will
be used in place of the default value. Consideration will need to be given how
to associate errors with their inputs to allow these descriptions to be read to

> screen reader users.

Author: This is rather horrid. Suggestions welcome. 

To help explain my concern -- if you added `aria-describedby` to your `widget.attrs` when defining the form that will be used in place of any thing that django's going to add. That is django won't add a reference to the errors. However, adding an additional `aria-describedby` only when the field has errors it a lot more logic for the user to write. I'm not sure I can explain all of that here, at least not succinctly.

Reviewer 4: I'm not sure how we can explain that either, somehow it feels like we should solve this for them. At the very least we should provide a complete example about how to override `aria-describedby` in a correct manner? (I'm honestly not sure what would be the correct way to do this :-))

Reviewer 2: As a ugly suggestion but to get us thinking, `Widget` can have something like
```python
    def get_aria_describedby(self, has_errors=False):
        return self.attrs.get("aria-describedby")
```
and we have in `build_widget_attrs`
```python
        widget_aria_describedby = self.widget.attrs.get_aria_describedby(
            has_errors=bool(self.errors)
        )
        if widget_aria_describedby:
            attrs["aria-describedby"] = widget_aria_describedby
```
Then `get_aria_describedby` can be documented and overwritten for custom widgets?

Author: With the new `aria_describedby` property and the upcoming easing of boundfield customisation I am much less concerned now. There will be a reasonable escape hatch if folk need it.

Reviewer 5: You can put multiple, space-separated IDs in `aria-describedby`. We could append the error ID to the value already provided by the user.
